v4: Change input group validation examples (#30180)
twbs/bootstrap: site/docs/4.4/components/forms.md

Validation styles are available for the following form controls and components:

- `<input>`s and `<textarea>`s with `.form-control`
- `<select>`s with `.form-control` or `.custom-select`
- `.form-check`s
- `.custom-checkbox`s and `.custom-radio`s
- `.custom-file`

{% capture callout %}
##### Input group validations

> For input groups, put feedback messages as a sibling element of the input group and add the `.is-{valid|invalid}` class to the `.input-group`. Placing feedback messages in a input group encounters border radius issues. [See this comment for workaround](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/25110#issuecomment-586565165).

Reviewer: This needs word proofing. Also, I'm not sure I like linking to a comment, because the comment can be edited/removed...

> For input groups, put feedback messages as a sibling element of the input group and add the `.is-{valid|invalid}` class to the `.input-group`. Placing feedback messages in a input group encounters border radius issues. [See this comment for workaround](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/25110#issuecomment-586565165).

Reviewer 2: Here's a suggestion on that word proofing. I'm okay linking to the comment since it's from one of us.

```suggestion
Input groups have difficulty with validation styles unfortunately. Our recommendation is to place feedback messages as sibling elements of the `.input-group` that has `.is-{valid|invalid}`. Placing feedback messages within input groups breaks the `border-radius`. [See this comment for workaround.](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/issues/25110#issuecomment-586565165)
```
